README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://gridonic.github.io/assets/images/logos/js.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="128"></p>

# JavaScript foundation

This repository represents our starting point(s) for creating JavaScript applications. Each folder holds its own specific setup.

*See below for an overview of setups.*

## ES6+ and rollup.js

> Provides a plain [component-orientated] [ES6+] «[vanilla]» script environment which gets assembled with [rollup.js].

See [/es6-rollup](./es6-rollup).

## ES6+ and Vue.js and webpack

> Provides a [Vue.js] application foundation which is focused on [asynchronous] loading of components, [scoped styles] and “[separation of concerns]”. This is mostly achieved with [code-splitting] by [webpack].

See [/es6-vue-webpack](./es6-vue-webpack).

[component-orientated]: http://exploringjs.com/es6/ch_modules.html
[vanilla]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20435653/what-is-vanillajs
[rollup.js]: http://rollupjs.org/
[ES6+]: https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/
[code-splitting]: https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting/#on-demand-code-splitting
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org/
[Vue.js]: https://vuejs.org/
[asynchronous]: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components.html#Async-Components
[separation of concerns]: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html#What-About-Separation-of-Concerns
[scoped styles]: https://vue-loader.vuejs.org/en/features/scoped-css.html

#  
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://gridonic.ch">gridonic.ch</a> ・
  <a href="https://gridonic.github.io">gridonic.github.io</a> ・
  <a href="https://twitter.com/gridonic">@gridonic</a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add es6-browserify setup to main README

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://gridonic.github.io/assets/images/logos/js.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="128"></p>

# JavaScript foundation

This repository represents our starting point(s) for creating JavaScript applications. Each folder holds its own specific setup.

*See below for an overview of setups.*

## ES6+ and Browserify

> Provides a plain [component-orientated] *transpiled* [ES6+] «[vanilla]» script environment which gets assembled with [Browserify].

See [/es6-browserify](./es6-browserify).

## ES6+ and rollup.js

> Provides a plain [component-orientated] *non-transpiled* [ES6+] «[vanilla]» script environment which gets assembled with [rollup.js].

See [/es6-rollup](./es6-rollup).

## ES6+ and Vue.js and webpack

> Provides a [Vue.js] application foundation ([ES6+] *transpiled*) which is focused on [asynchronous] loading of components, [scoped styles] and “[separation of concerns]”. This is mostly achieved with [code-splitting] by [webpack].

See [/es6-vue-webpack](./es6-vue-webpack).

[component-orientated]: http://exploringjs.com/es6/ch_modules.html
[vanilla]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20435653/what-is-vanillajs
[rollup.js]: http://rollupjs.org/
[ES6+]: https://kangax.github.io/compat-table/es6/
[code-splitting]: https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting/#on-demand-code-splitting
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org/
[Vue.js]: https://vuejs.org/
[asynchronous]: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components.html#Async-Components
[separation of concerns]: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html#What-About-Separation-of-Concerns
[scoped styles]: https://vue-loader.vuejs.org/en/features/scoped-css.html
[Browserify]: http://browserify.org/

#  
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://gridonic.ch">gridonic.ch</a> ・
  <a href="https://gridonic.github.io">gridonic.github.io</a> ・
  <a href="https://twitter.com/gridonic">@gridonic</a>
</p>
